Better documentation (#29)
yozhgoor/cargo-temp: README.md

# cargo-temp

> A CLI tool that allow you to create a new rust project in a temporary directory
> with already installed dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CLI tool that allows you to create a new rust project in a temporary directory
with already installed dependencies.
```

* With a dependency that have a fixed version:
    `$ cargo-temp anyhow==1.0.13`

### Repositories

> You can add repositories to you Cargo.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add repositories to your Cargo.toml.
```

Reviewer 2: You can wrap `Cargo.toml` in backticks also

Author: Done, thanks!

Examples:

* HTTP
    `$ cargo-temp anyhow=https://github.com/dtolnay/anyhow.git`

* SSH
    `$ cargo-temp anyhow=ssh://git@github.com/dtolnay/anyhow.git`

This will add the repository on the default branch by default. You can choose
another branch or a revision:

* Branch

>     `$ cargo-temp anyhow=https://github.com/dtolnay/anyhow.git#branch=main`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `$ cargo-temp anyhow=https://github.com/dtolnay/anyhow.git#branch=master`
```
`anyhow` uses `master` as default branch. If you want to avoid `master` while still being consistent in your doc you could use another repository as example

Author: `master` is a good example too. i just didn't check

Reviewer 2: It's not about good or better. It's about: is the example work? Did you actually run the command you are giving as example? Does it work?

In this case anyhow is no branch main so the example would fail. You have to assume a new user of cargo-temp will copy-paste your examples and they must work otherwise they will move on.

* Revision
    `$ cargo-temp anyhow=https://github.com/dtolnay/anyhow.git#rev=7e0f77a38`

## Features

If you change your mind and decide to keep the project you can just delete the

> `TO_DELETE` file and the directory will not be deleted when the shell exits.

Reviewer: Is there a handy command we can do (like rm to_delete, or whatever) if so it could be included here.
Else if we have to do it by the gui, nevermind this comment

Reviewer 2: You can certainly do `rm TO_DELETE` or remove it through your GUI. I expect devs know how to delete a file though :thinking:

Author: maybe i can do a two gif on how to delete the TO_DELETE file for both ?

Reviewer 2: Not sure if you're joking or not

Author: Can we have gif support on PR comments please?!

Reviewer 2: Maybe provide one GIF per IDE and editor? See you in 3 months lol

## Settings

The config file is located at `{CONFIG_DIR}/cargo-temp/config.toml`.
When you run `cargo-temp` for the first time it will be created automatically.
We use the [XDG system](https://docs.rs/xdg/2.2.0/xdg/) for both Linux and OSX
and the [Know Folder system](https://docs.rs/dirs-2/3.0.1/dirs_2/) on Windows.

### `temporary_project_dir`

The path where the temporary projects are created.
Set on the cache directory by default.

`temporary_project_dir = "/home/name/.cache/cargo-temp/"`

### `cargo_target_dir`

Cargo's target directory override.
This setting is unset by default and will be ignored if the `CARGO_TARGET_DIR`
environment variable is already set.

`temporary_project_dir = "home/name/repos/tmp"`

### editor (unset by default)

> You can use `editor` and `editor_args` as respectively the path to an IDE to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `editor` and `editor_args` as, respectively, the path to an IDE to
```

Reviewer 2: That's commas like we do in French. The rules are different in English. "as respectively" is also probably incorrect here. It would be best if we had a native English speaker.

:sweat_smile: not that I want to discourage you. It's very kind to try to help and most corrections you did are good. You and I can't make this perfect.

> You can use `editor` and `editor_args` as respectively the path to an IDE to
> start instead of a shell and arguments for it (unset by default).

Reviewer 2: It's probably best to rewrite it and try to avoid thinking French and translating from French:

```suggestion
You can use `editor` to start an IDE instead of a shell
and `editor_args` to provide its arguments (unset by default).
```
:point_up: this would avoid the complicated sentences we are so used to use in French XD https://redwoodink.com/resources/avoid-the-word-respectively-for-clear-writing

This will add the repository on the default branch by default. You can choose
another branch or a revision:

* Branch
    `$ cargo-temp anyhow=https://github.com/dtolnay/anyhow.git#branch=master`

* Revision
    `$ cargo-temp anyhow=https://github.com/dtolnay/anyhow.git#rev=7e0f77a38`

## Features

If you change your mind and decide to keep the project you can just delete the
`TO_DELETE` file and the directory will not be deleted when the shell or the
editor exits.

## Settings

The config file is located at `{CONFIG_DIR}/cargo-temp/config.toml`.
When you run `cargo-temp` for the first time it will be created automatically.
We use the [XDG system](https://docs.rs/xdg/2.2.0/xdg/) for both Linux and OSX
and the [Know Folder system](https://docs.rs/dirs-2/3.0.1/dirs_2/) on Windows.

### `temporary_project_dir`

The path where the temporary projects are created.
Set on the cache directory by default.

`temporary_project_dir = "/home/name/.cache/cargo-temp/"`

### `cargo_target_dir`

Cargo's target directory override.
This setting is unset by default and will be ignored if the `CARGO_TARGET_DIR`
environment variable is already set.

> `temporary_project_dir = "home/name/repos/tmp"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`temporary_project_dir = "/home/name/repos/tmp"`
```

> ### editor (unset by default)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `editor` (unset by default)
```
